Things we need to do:
1. Create a landing page (which might be the real app)

Bugs:
4. Layout change (move navbar to sidebar drawer thing)
6. Can't handoff patient to multiple doctors. (this one's pretty easy)
8. Sort features on table (brad)
10. Create idea of groups, and think about logging in.
11. More work to get 100% completion on medications list
12. Validated method for users


Things to do:
4. Add doctor chat
2. Build mobile app
7. Either manually add users or do email verification somehow.
8. Make a user put in their medical number and create an account. Two step verification
9. Adding users and verification: Referal system each user gets 3-5 invites.  Promotes verified doctor invites and exclusivity
10. "Sort" with dropdown menu for sort options (status, location, diagnosis, etc)
11. create Handoff, LLC -> evaluate our own paperwork vs company creation service (sprite?)
12. Add medication mongo collection with search-like drop down to add meds to pt easily
13. Same as medications but for vitals -> create easier way to input vitals
14. Improve patient search UI to distinguish multiple similar patients 
15. Follow up with Dr. Karen Scoles (Chief Medical Information Officer) and Cheryl Ralph (IT Director) about details of local install, next steps for us and contract negotiation ($$$$$)
16. Add a print function.  This adds backwards compatability to print patients if residents need at any time (especially night float w/ 40-60 pts and no working mobile app)
17a. Build in user feedback UI.  I imagine this two ways: (1) thumbs up and down buttons next to UI elements to gather real time feedback.  (2) A feedback route where they can write more detailed feedback and report bugs.
17b. Could we use Quality improvement metrics (outcome, process and balancing measures) to iprove the app objectively
18. Elise's idea about adding a use timer upon login to track time spent interacting with the application
19. Me to track time of use for the current crozer signout system as cmoparison to 19.


